Updated compressed bytes test to use rel error (#1065)
openghg/openghg: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Test for zarr compression `test_bytes_stored_compression` that was failing due to a slightly mismatched between actual and expected values. The test now uses a bound on relative error - [PR #1065](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/1065)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test for zarr compression `test_bytes_stored_compression` that was failing due to a slight mismatch between actual and expected values. The test now uses a bound on relative error - [PR #1065](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/1065)
```
